README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/ProfessionalCatSummoner/Statistical-Quality-Control-Exam-Assist-Program/assets/85062086/46d8a145-3edb-409e-abb1-d636f0341f52" alt="Logo">
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white" alt="Logo">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual_Studio_Code-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white" alt="Logo">
</div>

## Introduction 🚀

Welcome to the Statistical Quality Control project! This tool was created to assist students like me in tackling statistical quality control tasks, especially for exams. If you've got an upcoming exam and can use Excel, this program might help you stand out with a spark of creativity. ✨

## Features 🛠️

- **Automation:** Streamlines statistical quality control processes. 🤖
- **Ease of Use:** Designed to help you in your exam with your minimal effort. 📚
- **Originality:** Stand out with a unique approach to solving problems. 🌟
- **Visual Insights:** Get a clear view of your data with my data visualization feature. 📈📉

## Screenshots 📸

Here are two screenshots of the tool in action:

![screenshot1](https://github.com/ProfessionalCatSummoner/statistical_quality_control/assets/85062086/9eaccfef-dba2-4113-9563-7218a90b6c9e)
![screenshot2](https://github.com/ProfessionalCatSummoner/statistical_quality_control/assets/85062086/3fc430d7-56ee-4a7b-8d9a-62bf59abbe88)

## Getting Started 🚀

Follow these simple steps to get started with the project:

1. **Clone the repository** to your local machine using the following command:

  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/ProfessionalCatSummoner/statistical_quality_control.git
  ```

2. Use the **cd** command to navigate to the project folder:

  ```bash
  cd statistical_quality_control
  ```

3. Run the program using **Python 3** with the following command:

  ```bash
  python3 statistical_quality_control.py
  ```

Alternatively, you can skip all these steps and simply copy all the code from the <a href="https://github.com/ProfessionalCatSummoner/Statistical-Quality-Control-Exam-Assist-Program/blob/main/statistical_quality_control.py">statistical_quality_control.py</a> file in this repository. Then, paste the code into a Python 3 interpreter like **Visual Studio Code** or any other IDE that supports Python 3 and those libraries.

## "It's too complicated for me as a non-programmer (the echo of anxiety intensify)" 😓

I've got you covered! 👍 An even quicker and easier way to do it is by using this link: <a href="http://tpcg.io/_68CG3I">here</a>. Just click "Preview" on this site in the upper left corner. You don't have to worry about programming or installation – it all works online with Python 3 and has all the necessary features.


## Contributions 🤝

Contributions to this project are welcome. If you have any ideas for improvement or bug fixes, feel free to submit a pull request. 🛠️

## License 📜

This project is licensed under the MIT License. For details, please refer to the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file. 📄

## Author 👨‍💻

- ProfessionalCatSummoner ([GitHub](https://github.com/ProfessionalCatSummoner))

<h2 align="center">
Best of luck with your exam! 🍀
</h2>

Commit message:

docs: Update README with more professional and concise content
Updated the README file to provide more professional and concise information about the Statistical Quality Control project. Revised the introduction, features, and getting started guide.

- Changed author name to current.
- Updated the license from MIT to Apache License 2.0.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/ProfessionalCatSummoner/Statistical-Quality-Control-Exam-Assist-Program/assets/85062086/46d8a145-3edb-409e-abb1-d636f0341f52" alt="Logo">
</div>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white" alt="Logo">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual_Studio_Code-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual%20studio%20code&logoColor=white" alt="Logo">
</div>

## Introduction 🚀

Welcome to the Statistical Quality Control project! This tool is designed to aid students like myself in managing statistical quality control tasks effectively. ✨

## Features 🛠️

- **Automation:** Simplifies statistical quality control processes. 🤖
- **User-Friendly Interface:** Engineered to minimize user effort during exam preparation. 📚
- **Innovative Approach:** Differentiate yourself by leveraging unique problem-solving methodologies. 🌟
- **Visual Data Representation:** Gain insights into your data through intuitive visualization tools. 📈📉

## Screenshots 📸

Take a glimpse at the tool in action with these screenshots:

![screenshot1](https://github.com/ProfessionalCatSummoner/statistical_quality_control/assets/85062086/9eaccfef-dba2-4113-9563-7218a90b6c9e)
![screenshot2](https://github.com/ProfessionalCatSummoner/statistical_quality_control/assets/85062086/3fc430d7-56ee-4a7b-8d9a-62bf59abbe88)

## Getting Started 🚀

Follow these simple steps to get started with the project:

1. **Clone the repository** to your local machine using the following command:

  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/ProfessionalCatSummoner/statistical_quality_control.git
  ```

2. Use the **cd** command to navigate to the project folder:

  ```bash
  cd statistical_quality_control
  ```

3. Run the program using **Python 3** with the following command:

  ```bash
  python3 statistical_quality_control.py
  ```

Alternatively, you can skip all these steps and simply copy all the code from the <a href="https://github.com/ProfessionalCatSummoner/Statistical-Quality-Control-Exam-Assist-Program/blob/main/statistical_quality_control.py">statistical_quality_control.py</a> file in this repository. Then, paste the code into a Python 3 interpreter like **Visual Studio Code** or any other IDE that supports Python 3 and those libraries.

## "It's too complicated for me as a non-programmer (the echo of anxiety intensify)" 😓

I've got you covered! 👍 An even quicker and easier way to do it is by using this link: <a href="http://tpcg.io/_68CG3I">here</a>. Just click "Preview" on this site in the upper left corner. You don't have to worry about programming or installation – it all works online with Python 3 and has all the necessary features.


## Contributions 🤝

Contributions to this project are welcome. If you have any ideas for improvement or bug fixes, feel free to submit a pull request. 🛠️

## License 📜

This project is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0](LICENSE).

## Author 👨‍💻

- T3aC0d3 ([GitHub](https://github.com/T3aC0d3))

<h2 align="center">
Best of luck with your exams! 🍀
</h2>
